.TH GCGLINUX 1
.SH NAME
GCGLinux \- Gangster Computer God Linux

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gcgbuild
[\fB\-b\fR \fI/path/to/weak/basic/linux-distro-image.iso\fR]
[\fB\-o\fR \fI/path/to/savage/Gangster-Computer-God-Linux.iso\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B GCGLinux
is a system for investigating, and modifying linux live distributions.

.B GCGLinux
consists of 3 main components:
.B gcgbuild
.B jailpurse
.B gcg-components

.B gcgbuild
mounts the image, locates and mounts the squashfs filesystem,
then copies the file system into a directory that acts as
a mount point. Once the image is prepared, 
.B gcgbuild
\fI\chroot\fR's the user to the editable copy of the system.
At the beginning of the process, 
.B gcgbuild
copies everything in the starting image except for 
the filesystem, to the directory from which
.B gcgbuild
will build the new \fI\.iso\fR once you are done editing.


.B jailpurse
is essentially a folder, that contains scripts to initialize
the image for editing, and clean up anything left behind in
the editing process. It is easily adapted to carry software, scripts, configuration files, images, and anything else you
may want to help you customize "\fIYOUR\fR muthafuckin Linux
distribution."
The \fIdeepkg.sh\fR script reads the \fIpkg-install.conf\fR
and \fIpkg-remove.conf\fR files, and can add/remove packages
through apt or dpkg directly, and install \fI.deb\fR files.
.B jailpurse
also comes with some scripts to extract dpkg packages from
distributions.

.B gcg-components
are essentially collections of software, configurations,
and security enhancements for 
.B gcgbuild
This project was actually started with the intention of 
securing a computer to point that you could host a robust
web-application transacting financial data, and still
do development on it, because the attacks would not be a
concern.. Then we woke up.


.SH OPTIONS
.BR \-b ", "\-\-base-image \fI\/path/to/linux-live-image.iso\fR
Absolute or relative path to the live-image.iso you want to edit.
(Does not support cramfs, only squashfs)

.BR \-h ", "\-\-help